README.md, before:

# backtester
An event-driven backtester

## About
This backtester is based on a guide written by Quantstart's [Michael Halls-Moore](http://www.quantstart.com/about-mike/) on how to write an event-driven backtester. Improvements to the code in the guide made by [Douglas Denhartog](https://github.com/denhartog/quantstart-backtester) has also been incorporated. The code has then been modified by me to actually run and include more features.

**Guide**:
1. [Event-Driven Backtesting with Python - Part I](http://www.quantstart.com/articles/Event-Driven-Backtesting-with-Python-Part-I)
2. [Event-Driven Backtesting with Python - Part II](http://www.quantstart.com/articles/Event-Driven-Backtesting-with-Python-Part-II)
3. [Event-Driven Backtesting with Python - Part III](http://www.quantstart.com/articles/Event-Driven-Backtesting-with-Python-Part-III)
4. [Event-Driven Backtesting with Python - Part IV](http://www.quantstart.com/articles/Event-Driven-Backtesting-with-Python-Part-IV)
5. [Event-Driven Backtesting with Python - Part V](http://www.quantstart.com/articles/Event-Driven-Backtesting-with-Python-Part-V)
6. [Event-Driven Backtesting with Python - Part VI](http://www.quantstart.com/articles/Event-Driven-Backtesting-with-Python-Part-VI)
7. [Event-Driven Backtesting with Python - Part VII](http://www.quantstart.com/articles/Event-Driven-Backtesting-with-Python-Part-VII)
8. [Event-Driven Backtesting with Python - Part VIII](http://www.quantstart.com/articles/Event-Driven-Backtesting-with-Python-Part-VIII)

## How To
1. Change <path> in loop.py
2. Start the backtester using python3 loop.py

### Dependencies
pandas
numpy

Commit message:

updated the instructions for using this backtesting suite

README.md, after:

# backtester
An event-driven backtester

## About
This backtester is based on a guide written by Quantstart's [Michael Halls-Moore](http://www.quantstart.com/about-mike/) on how to write an event-driven backtester. Improvements to the code in the guide made by [Douglas Denhartog](https://github.com/denhartog/quantstart-backtester) has also been incorporated. The code has then been modified by me to actually run and include more features.

**Guide:**
1. [Event-Driven Backtesting with Python - Part I](http://www.quantstart.com/articles/Event-Driven-Backtesting-with-Python-Part-I)
2. [Event-Driven Backtesting with Python - Part II](http://www.quantstart.com/articles/Event-Driven-Backtesting-with-Python-Part-II)
3. [Event-Driven Backtesting with Python - Part III](http://www.quantstart.com/articles/Event-Driven-Backtesting-with-Python-Part-III)
4. [Event-Driven Backtesting with Python - Part IV](http://www.quantstart.com/articles/Event-Driven-Backtesting-with-Python-Part-IV)
5. [Event-Driven Backtesting with Python - Part V](http://www.quantstart.com/articles/Event-Driven-Backtesting-with-Python-Part-V)
6. [Event-Driven Backtesting with Python - Part VI](http://www.quantstart.com/articles/Event-Driven-Backtesting-with-Python-Part-VI)
7. [Event-Driven Backtesting with Python - Part VII](http://www.quantstart.com/articles/Event-Driven-Backtesting-with-Python-Part-VII)
8. [Event-Driven Backtesting with Python - Part VIII](http://www.quantstart.com/articles/Event-Driven-Backtesting-with-Python-Part-VIII)

## How To
### Define Strategy
You can define a strategy by implementing the Strategy class found in **strategy.py**. There also exists three predefined strategies in **strategy.py**.

### Backtest a Strategy
In order to choose strategy to backtest, you have to change the used strategy class **loop.py**. You can also specify which CSV files/symbols that should be used in the backtesting suite by changing the CSV directory path and symbols in the same python file.

To run the backtesting suite, use  **python3 loop.py** from the terminal.

### Dependencies
- pandas
- numpy
- matplotlib
